Hi within this lecture we are going to see how we can send messages to the app.
From what we've controller to another or from one we use controller to the whole app so that we can
trigger some functions trigger some actions at drive.
Now we have some problems even though we can add a new picture nail art to our paintings.
We cannot go back to do we have controller.
And in order to do that there is a simple line of code.
I can come over to details VCA and I can just say stuff dog navigation controller that POP V controller
animated.
Why not.
Let's say it's true.
OK.
And it will just take us back to the original.
We have controller OK and we can actually try this right now.
It won't fix our newly added art not showing on the table we have problems.
And that's why we're going to learn notification center because bringing us back won't help this.
So let me go to image and add one so you will understand much better what I'm talking about.
So let me choose just flowers.
I'm gonna call this flowers.
OK.
The artist I'm going to go for Edward Munch.
So I believe not munch munch.
OK.
So I believe I'm very bad at Arts.
So let's save this.
And as you can see we got the view controller here but we cannot see the newly created painting.
So what we going to do.
We're going to have to send a message from the details we see to this view controller saying that this
new data has been added to the core data.
Please go on take it.
And in order to do that we're going to use something called notification center.
So modification center actually lets us broadcast messages in our app so that we can observe them anyway.
So if you're right.
Notification Center as you can see this is a mechanism that enables us to broadcast information for
registered users and we don't have any registered users right now.
Registered observers.
We're going to add an observer to our view controller later on.
First we need to send this message and then we need to find a way to get this message in the view controller.
And you know here to send this I'm going to go for default dot post.
OK.
So if you say pass it will display some options for you.
We're going to go for this one name and the objects.
So we're not even going to use an object.
We're not going to send any objects.
We just need a name.
So I'm going to say Neal to the object and for the name if you hit enter over this and it's notification
that name I will give you an option to write any name you want.
So I'm going to say something like new data in here.
I'm going to observe a message saying new data in the view controller and if I see that message I'm
going to call and action.
So it's that simple.
We're sending a message here.
And if I see this message anywhere in the app then I can trigger some function triggers some action.
And we already have our action as get data in the we've controller right.
So if you say no and this notification that name you will see something called the real value and you
don't have to do dot dot name and open parentheses and you will just see the row value in here.
So and this notification that name opened parentheses and you can write anything you want in here like
new data.
Now this will just sends a message to the whole app saying new data.
OK.
And if you don't observe this message anywhere it won't cause anything OK.
Nothing will happen but if you come over here and observe this message then you can do something with
it.
But there is a problem right now we cannot do that in the we did load because why we did load only gets
called once.
So I'm going to go for another function which is we will up here.
Remember we will appear gets cold whenever we see this view controller.
So I'm not going to do this under we did load but I'm going to do this under we will appear.
So that's the be of learning yet about view controller lifecycle.
So you're going to say that ad observer.
OK.
And this will add an observer for us and you're king for the options observers selector and the name
because the observer will be the view controller itself.
Because we're going to have a selector again in here.
And for the name we're going to use the same name.
So let me write the selector first and we can just use the get data right.
We already have this function to be called.
Now let me add objective seen here so that it won't display a problem.
And in here you have to say in this notification that name Open parentheses and for zero value I'm just
going to go for Neve data.
An object is again nil.
So this will get the message capture the message that is sent by the details we see.
And whenever it gets this message it the coldest selector get data.
And this function will get executed so that we will get this data again.
So so far we have key values over here and just go for a fourth one and add this waterfalls one more
time.
We can just call does something like nature and the doubling key again and fifteen hundred.
As you can see it got added to my list but it has some duplicates.
And this is because of previous values in the air race we have to clear those values if you want to
add these values one more time.
So in the get data function I'm just going to go for name or a data removal so you don't have to keep
this campus C or K idea or a dot to remove all keeping capacity falls and this will solve my problem.
So here we go.
Let's test this again and see.
Make sure that everything works fine because we're almost completing this app.
We have to make sure that everything is working smoothly.
So let's go for another here.
I believe this is the same picture which I'm going to just go for a test test on fifteen hundred and
just save this.
And here we go we have the test here.
Of course we cannot click them click on them right now because we haven't implemented that feature yet
but it works right.
We can add new values.
So right now we have to make a way to go to the second we have controller again to display the details
of the selected paintings.
So that's what we're going to do within the next lecture.